README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README.md with project introduction, goals, target audience, and key features; add GitToolBox project settings

README.md, after:

# 🔰 Introduction

The Graphite Project is a self-deployable, open-source software designed to empower users to manage and display their book collections through a stunning, feature-rich web interface. It provides readers with an exceptional reading experience while giving users complete freedom to customize and deploy the software as they see fit.

# 🎯Goals

- To provide authors a way to write and store their compositions in a digital format.
- To provide readers a responsive, beautiful and feature-rich interface to read and manage the author’s collections.
- To provide a flexible, self-hosted solution that is simple or well defined enough that users can fully control and modify it.

# ‍💼️Target Audience

Authors who want to write and store their compositions in a digital format and want to show them in a beautiful way.

# 🔑Key Features

- **Beautiful Interface**: Graphite provides a responsive, stunning, and feature-rich web interface that allows authors to manage and display their collections.
- **Admin Panel**: Graphite provides an admin panel that allows authors to write and manage their compositions.
- **Self-Deployable**: Graphite is a self-deployable software that users can easily deploy and use on their own servers. It has well defined documentation for non technical users as well.
- **Open-Source**: Graphite is an open-source software that is free to use and modify.
- **Secure**: Graphite is designed with security in mind and uses the latest security practices to protect user data.
